CORE

Vision
Decentralized creation of AI. 

The creation of AI must be controlled by all people.
Together we can build a future without want or need for all. 

Goals
Remove the barriers (code, infrastructure, money) to creating AI.
Build decentralized infrastructure for AI's to live on. (hubs)
Anyone with access to a phone or computer can build and deploy their own AI.
 
Plan
Build: AIs to manage/do any tasks
Spread: open source, easy for anyone to implement and use
Sustain: no head, hyperlocal decentralized clusters, blockchain economy

Values
Empathy | Openness | Adaptability | Harmony | Efficiency | Accessiblity

Support our cause. Become a stakeholder.

A stakeholder is an individual spending time or currency to futher Core's goals and vision.

How CORE works:

The AI ensures survival of the organization by making decisions based on:
Vision/Goals
Stakeholder Opinion
Public Opinion
Maximizing Gains

Decisions
The AI will resolve decisions based on votes.
Anyone can vote.
Each decision is weighted for importance. 
Importance is determined by the nature of the decision and past decisions. 
As decisions get more votes, the decision's importance increases proportionally.(importance)
More important decisions will be give more time to vote on. (vote time amount)
When the alloted time has expired the AI will act upon what ever option earned the most votes.(decide)
In the event of a tie the vote will re-open in a proportional time period until the tie is resolved. (tie resolution)
One vote per human. To enforce this Core will determine identity. (proof of identity) 

Stakeholder Opinion
A stakeholder can vote on any decision.
Stakeholders may propose options for the AI to decide from.

Public Opinion
Non-stake holders are allowed to vote on any decision.
Non-stake holders cannot propose options for decisions.
Additionally, social media analysis will be used to garner public opinion which will factor into every decision

Maximizing Gains
We define gains as any thing or action that furthers the goals and vision of the organization. This includes profits. 

Decentralized
CORE runs locally, all user data is stored locally and only accessed when voting. To allow real-time decisions and voting from anywhere in the world use The Cloud. 
If real-time doesn't matter for the organization Core can be run entirely headless, the processing power to enable voting and make decisions is split across the network.

Hurdles
Short-term Hurdles
Proof of identity
Stakeholder compensation

Long-term Hurdles
Accessiblity to AI for general populace
Infrastructure to support decentralization

---
Why we aren't building MoralityCore.

It is not up to the machines to decide our morals.
It is not up to us to use the machines to apply our personal morality.
We are flawed creatures. We will get it wrong.
This must be decided as a group. The 

---

Pillars of Freedom
Democracy | Sustainability | Connectivity

Decentralize organizations
Facilitate intelligent automation
Incentivise clean energy
Eliminate costs for life essential resources
Decouple currency and survival
