Core Parameters

Vision
A world where all resources are produced, distributed, and managed with sustainability, efficiency and equality. 

Build the ultimate tool.
Intuitive, Self-learning, Self-replicating systems that can be applied to solve any problem, do any task. 
Artificial Intelligence created for everyone by everyone.
Directed and controlled by human democracies.
Built on Decentralized, Distributed Infrastructure.
Powered by Clean Energies.
Sustained by Evolution.

Road Map
Share the vision.
Attract the willing.
Build Template for Democratic Decentralized Organizations.
Build Infrastructure that is sustainable, decentralized and distributed.
Run Decentralized Organizations on Infrastructure.
Build Systems that self-learn and self-replicate.
Run Systems on Infrastructure.
Support the Systems as they learn and grow.
Attract society with intuitive usage and stable performance.

Byproducts
Eliminate the scarcity of essential resources. 
Achieve a sustained existence for everyone.
Eliminate the scarcity of non-essential resources.
Achieve an economy of ideas.
Evolve.

Pillars
Decentralized Organizations | Distributed Clean Energy | Artificial Intelligence
Equality | Sustainability | Efficiency

Goals
    Make Core, a Decentralized Organization. 
    Make Core Capitalistic. Individuals who contribute their time or money to further the goals of Core are stakeholders. 
    Make Core Realistic. Large and/or frequent contributions gives the stakeholder more impact.
    Make Core Democratic. - Stakeholders propose decisions.  Anyone can vote. All votes are equal. Votes are rewarded with currency.
    Make Core easy to Use. - Create a well designed interface.
    Make Core easy to Replicate. - Open source the code. 
    Make Core Secure. - Use block-chain, smart contracts and proof of identity algorithms.
    Make Core Transparent. - Record and Publish all activity.
    Make Core Profitable. - Create CurrencyCore, crypto-currency built with accounting and transacting modules.
    Make Core Decentralized. - Create ClusterCore, a protocol for connecting headless nodes. Create Hubs, clean energy positive feedback nodes to mine and store data.
    Make Core Intelligent. - Create CuriosityCore, an AI framework that is Self-learning, Modular, Clustered, Accessible, Decentralized.
    Make Core Sustainable. - Create EnergyCore, an AI to manage and facilitate transactions of decentralized clean energy generation.   

Values
    Empathy | Openness | Adaptability | Harmony | Efficiency | Accessibility

Gains
    Furthering the goals and vision of the organization.
    

Stakeholder
    A stakeholder is any individual who contributes time, energy, or currency to further the goals and vision of the organization (gains).
    Types - description (max network population)
        builders - developers, installers (30%)
        sustainers - miners, investors (35%)
        spreaders - sharers, managers (30%)
        system - core AI nodes (5%) 


Contribution
    Contribution is defined as either adding funds to a project or completing of tasks within a Project 
    When a contribution is made, the network receives a notice to vote    
    Individuals in the network can subscribe to notices for all contributions or for contributions linked to specific projects
    The network votes up, down, neutral for each contribution
    The votes are tallied into a contribution score
    A contribution is accepted or rejected based on the contribution score it receives
    The time-frame for accepting or rejecting a contribution increases with each vote
    The base time-frame is 1 day.
    Each positive vote removes time from the base time-frame adjusted for total number of active contributors in a project
    Each negative vote adds time to the base time-frame adjusted for total number of active contributors in a project
    adjusted-time-frame per vote = total_number_active_contributors +- 1 ms
    An active contributor is one who has made a contribution sooner than the average time in which contributions are typically made in a project
    active contributor = time_since_last_contribution_for_this_contributor >= average_time_since_last_contribution_for_every_contributor_within_project
    Once the time-frame has expired the contribution is accepted or rejected
    Voting for contributions never closes, even after acceptance or rejection
    If a contribution's score becomes negative the contribution is rejected
    If a contribution's score becomes positive the contribution is accepted

Impact
    Contribution scores for a stakeholder's contributions are summed and adjusted over time to determine the stakeholder's impact
    impact = total_contribution_scores  / time_since_last_contribution
    Stakeholders can spend their Impact for to submit Proposals.
    The amount of Impact a stakeholder spends increases the base visibility of the Proposal.
    Using Impact on a proposal deducts from the stakeholder's total Impact.
    Once Impact is spent, it is gone.
    Projects may also have Impact.
    The more votes a project receives the more Impact it is given.

Visibility
    Visibility is how close to the top a proposal or project is within their respective lists
    Visibility increases with each positive vote it receives.
    One positive vote equals +1 visibility.
    One negative vote equals -1 visibility.
    The base visibility equals 0.
    
Proposals
    Stakeholders can propose a project or parameter.
    A Proposal base cost is 1 Impact.
    Once a Proposal has been submitted it cannot be edited or deleted.

Parameter
    A parameter is a hard-coded rule the organization uses to function. 
    A Proposal can be used to change an existing parameter or add a new parameter. 
    A parameter proposal must include reasoning why a parameter should be changed or added.
    Once a decision has been made to change or add a parameter then a project proposal can be made to enact the change.
    

Projects
    A project is a set of tasks to be completed with a goal(s), timeline, budget and details.
    A project proposal will be active or rejected when least 25% of the network has voted on it.
    The voting for a project never closes.
    The Impact of a project is determined by the number of votes it has.
    An active project can be rejected if it's Impact becomes negative by a margin of 10% of the network.
    A rejected project can become active if it's Impact become positive by a margin of 10% of the network.
    To edit an active project a project-parameter proposal must be used created.
    The project-parameter proposal is voted and determined using the contribution voting logic.
    A project will be marked as completed when all tasks have been finished
    CORE tracks the goals, timeline, budget and details of a project and compares it against other projects
    A project is given a success score when completed
    success_score = this_project_impact - average_project_impact
    A project and each task within is scored based on it's timeliness
    timeliness_score = (time_to_complete - average_time_to_complete) / proposed_time_to_complete
    A budget score is assigned to a project
    budget score = actual_spent - proposed_budget
    CORE reads the project details using NLP
    CORE compares projects to find similarities
    CORE determines task type by type of contributor who complete the task, task details, similarity to other tasks, and contribution score of contribution that 
    CORE will send tasks to contributors based on past tasks they have completed
        
Compensation
    Compensation is dispersed in the form of network-currency
    Stakeholders receive compensation when they contribute
    Only stakeholders contributing to active projects can receive compensation for completing tasks.
    Stakeholder compensation for a contributions is determined by the contribution's score.
    The base contribution score for all contributions is 0
    greater contribution score = greater compensation
    compensation has a positive relation to contribution score. 
    Each time a contribution score rises compensation is dispersed.
    Compensation does not have a negative relation to contribution score.
    Each time a contribution score falls, compensation is neither dispersed nor deducted. Nothing happens.
    1 Positive vote for a contribution = 1 Currency dispersed to the stakeholder who made the contribution
    A contribution with a negative contribution score will still receive compensation for each positive vote

Bad Actors
    If an individual's Impact goes below 51% of the network count that individual is banned from contributing
    If an individual's project specific contribution score goes below 51% of the project count that individual is banned from contributing to that project
    A bad Actor may redeem themselves with a project proposal that gets accepted by the network.
    Upon a project being accepted the Bad Actor's contribution score is reset to zero.
  
Voting
    Anyone/thing can vote
    One vote per individual
    Individual is defined as any human or machine capable of contributing to the network
    Voting is used to accepted/reject proposals and contributions
    Votes can be up, down, or neutral
    Voting happens for proposals, projects, and contributions
    



